Implementation (#3)
it-at-m/digiwf-ok.verkehr-integration: docs/documentation.md

## Documentation

Basically, two artifacts are available.
This is on the one hand the Spring-Boot-Starter `vdigiwf-okverkehr-integration-starter`
and on the other hand the service `digiwf-okverkehr-integration-service` which is provided as an
[Image](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/itatm/digiwf-okverkehr-integration-service).

### Spring-Boot-Starter

The usage of the starter is documented
in [quickstart.md](https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-ok.verkehr-integration#getting-started).

#### Error handling

The errors occurring during the rest request are divided into three error categories.
These are client-side errors, server-side errors and errors that cannot be assigned to either the client or the server.
Each of these three error categories is assigned its own exception, which is then thrown when the methods in the

> repository class `OkVerkehrHalterRepository` are called.

Reviewer: You mentioned that each error category raises a custom exception. Is it worth noting which exception the error category raises?

Author: It think the kind of error is given by the description in the first line. client side errors are from 400 to 499, server side errors from 5xx to 599, and so on.

* `application-local.yml`: `digiwf-okverkehr-integration-service/src/main/resources/application.yml`

The file `application.yml` contains the configuration according graceful shutdown, metrics, ports, ...

The file `application-local.yml` provides the event bus and OK.VERKEHR relevant configuration.
The event bus configuration is implemented
according [DigiWF Spring Cloudstream Utils](https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-spring-cloudstream-utils#getting-started).

#### Service API usage

The OK.VERKEHR requests have to be made via the element template defined in `okVerkehrIntegration.json`.
The service and the template are providing the following types of requests.
The request type can be defined via the element template dropdown in field `Event Type`.

* `getHalter`

For each request type, the payload has to be defined in the element templates request field as a JSON object.
The response is also an JSON object.
A crucial and mandatory JSON object attribute for a request is `eventType`.
This attribute is necessary for correct deserialization of the requests JSON payload within the integration service.

##### getHalter

> Searches for Halter is based on search parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searches for Fahrzeughalter (vehicle owner) is based on search parameters.
```

Non german speaking users may be confused because they understand something completely different ;)
